Model caBIG(tm) Software License Agreement

 v.1

Release Date 4/20/06

Copyright Notice. Copyright 2006-2008 Northwestern University (“caBIG(tm)
Participant”). Patient Study Calendar was created with NCI funding and is part
of the caBIG(tm) initiative. The software subject to this notice and license
includes both human readable source code form and machine readable, binary,
object code form (the “caBIG(tm) Software”).

This caBIG(tm) Software License (the “License”) is between caBIG(tm)
Participant and You. “You (or “Your”) shall mean a person or an entity, and
all other entities that control, are controlled by, or are under common
control with the entity. “Control” for purposes of this definition means (i)
the direct or indirect power to cause the direction or management of such
entity, whether by contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent
(50%) or more of the outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such
entity.

License. Provided that You agree to the conditions described below, caBIG(tm)
Participant grants You a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, fully-paid-up,
no-charge, irrevocable, transferable and royalty-free right and license in its
rights in the caBIG(tm) Software, including any copyright or patent rights
therein that may be infringed by the making, using, selling, offering for
sale, or importing of caBIG(tm) Software, to (i) use, install, access,
operate, execute, reproduce, copy, modify, translate, market, publicly
display, publicly perform, and prepare derivative works of the caBIG(tm)
Software; (ii) make, have made, use, practice, sell, and offer for sale,
and/or otherwise dispose of caBIG(tm) Software (or portions thereof); (iii)
distribute and have distributed to and by third parties the caBIG(tm) Software
and any modifications and derivative works thereof; and (iv) sublicense the
foregoing rights set out in (i), (ii) and (iii) to third parties, including
the right to license such rights to further third parties. For sake of
clarity, and not by way of limitation, caBIG(tm) Participant shall have no
right of accounting or right of payment from You or Your sublicensees for the
rights granted under this License. This License is granted at no charge to
You. Your downloading, copying, modifying, displaying, distributing or use of
caBIG(tm) Software constitutes acceptance of all of the terms and conditions
of this Agreement. If you do not agree to such terms and conditions, you have
no right to download, copy, modify, display, distribute or use the caBIG(tm)
Software.

1. Your redistributions of the source code for the caBIG(tm) Software must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the disclaimer
and limitation of liability of Article 6 below. Your redistributions in object
code form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the disclaimer of Article 6 in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution, if any.

2. Your end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must
include the following acknowledgment: “This product includes software
developed by Northwestern University.” If You do not include such end-user
documentation, You shall include this acknowledgment in the caBIG(tm) Software
itself, wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.

3. You may not use the names “Northwestern University”, “The National Cancer
Institute”, “NCI”, “Cancer Bioinformatics Grid” or “caBIG(tm)” to endorse or
promote products derived from this caBIG(tm) Software. This License does not
authorize You to use any trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos or
product names of either caBIG(tm) Participant, NCI or caBIG(tm), except as
required to comply with the terms of this License.

4. For sake of clarity, and not by way of limitation, You may incorporate this
caBIG(tm) Software into Your proprietary programs and into any third party
proprietary programs. However, if You incorporate the caBIG(tm) Software into
third party proprietary programs, You agree that You are solely responsible
for obtaining any permission from such third parties required to incorporate
the caBIG(tm) Software into such third party proprietary programs and for
informing Your sublicensees, including without limitation Your end-users, of
their obligation to secure any required permissions from such third parties
before incorporating the caBIG(tm) Software into such third party proprietary
software programs. In the event that You fail to obtain such permissions, You
agree to indemnify caBIG(tm) Participant for any claims against caBIG(tm)
Participant by such third parties, except to the extent prohibited by law,
resulting from Your failure to obtain such permissions.

5. For sake of clarity, and not by way of limitation, You may add Your own
copyright statement to Your modifications and to the derivative works, and You
may provide additional or different license terms and conditions in Your
sublicenses of modifications of the caBIG(tm) Software, or any derivative
works of the caBIG(tm) Software as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction,
and distribution of the Work otherwise complies with the conditions stated in
this License.

6. THIS caBIG(tm) SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE) ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY OR ITS AFFILIATES BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS caBIG(tm) SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


